added flax glossary (#2741)
google/flax: docs/glossary.rst

*********
Glossary
*********

For additional terms, refer to the `Jax glossary <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/glossary.html>`__.

.. glossary::

    Bound Module
      When a :class:`Module <flax.linen.Module>`

>       is created in a JAX program, it is in an *unbound* state. This means that only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      is created through regular Python object construction (e.g. `module = SomeModule(args...)`,, it is in an *unbound* state. This means that only
```

      dataclass attributes are set, and no variables are bound to the module. When the pure
      functions :meth:`Module.init() <flax.linen.Module.init>`
      or :meth:`Module.apply() <flax.linen.Module.apply>`

>       are called, Flax binds the variables to the module, and the module's method code is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      are called, Flax clones the Module and binds the variables to it, and the module's method code is
```

>       executed in a bound state, allowing things like calling submodules directly without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      executed in a locally bound state, allowing things like calling submodules directly without
```

      providing variables. For more details, refer to the
      `module lifecycle <https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced_topics/module_lifecycle.html>`__.

    Compact / Non-compact Module
      Modules with a single method are able to declare submodules and variables inline by
      using the  :func:`@nn.compact <flax.linen.compact>` decorator.
      These are referred to as “compact-style modules”,
      whereas modules defining a :meth:`setup() <flax.linen.Module.setup>` method
      (usually but not always with multiple callable methods)
      are referred to as “setup-style modules”. To learn more, refer to the
      `setup vs compact guide <https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/setup_or_nncompact.html>`__.

    `Folding in <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_autosummary/jax.random.fold_in.html>`__

>       Generating a new PRNG key given an input PRNG key and integer. Generally faster than

Reviewer: It is not faster than random.split, but if have an existing RNG `rng` and you want to generate a new one but still be able to use `rng` afterwards, you can do `new_rng = random.fold_in(rng, some_data)` while with `split` you'd have to do `rng, new_rng = random.split(rng)`, which means you effectively create two RNGs, which is slower.

      `jax.random.split <https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_autosummary/jax.random.split.html>`__.

    `FrozenDict <https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.core.frozen_dict.html#flax.core.frozen_dict.FrozenDict>`__
      An immutable dictionary which can be “`unfrozen <https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.core.frozen_dict.html#flax.core.frozen_dict.unfreeze>`__”
      to a regular, mutable dictionary. Internally, Flax uses FrozenDIcts to ensure variable dicts

>       aren't accidentally mutated. Note: We are considering using regular dicts everywhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      aren't accidentally mutated. Note: We are considering returning regular dicts from our APIs, and only using frozen dicts internally.
```
